app-admin/testdisk              ntfs reiserfs
app-portage/eix                 -hardened
app-portage/layman              git
app-misc/ca-certificates        insecure_certs
dev-db/sqlite                   secure-delete unlock-notify
dev-libs/libpcre                pcre16
dev-libs/libpcre2               pcre16
dev-libs/nettle                 gmp
media-gfx/splashutils           fbcondecor gpm
net-print/cups-filters          -pdf
net-print/cups                  ppds samba slp
sys-apps/flashrom               wiki serprog
sys-apps/iproute2               -iptables
sys-apps/pciutils               -zlib
sys-auth/pambase                consolekit
sys-block/parted                device-mapper
sys-boot/grub                   -ncurses
sys-devel/gcc                   go graphite
sys-devel/llvm                  clang
sys-fs/eudev                    hwdb keymap
sys-fs/ntfs3g                   ntfsprogs
sys-kernel/gentoo-sources       symlink
sys-libs/gdbm                   berkdb
sys-libs/zlib                   minizip

# vim: filetype=gentoo-package-use
